Virtualization docs fixes during ROSA review (#69051)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/virt-disabling-tls-for-registry.adoc

.Procedure

* Use the following command to edit the `HyperConverged` custom resource and add a list of insecure registries to the `spec.storageImport.insecureRegistries` field.
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit Hyperconverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n {CNVNamespace}
----
+

> .Example `HyperConverged` custom resource

Author: **NOTE TO REVIEWER** The `-n {CNVNamespace}` is used throughout the Virtualization book. I didn't update here; would likely be best as a separate PR, if required.

Reviewer: This should work with `subs="attributes+"`; I'll make a note to look for instances that are missing this

> * Use the following command to edit the `HyperConverged` custom resource and add a list of insecure registries to the `spec.storageImport.insecureRegistries` field.
> +
> [source,terminal]
> ----
> $ oc edit Hyperconverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n {CNVNamespace}
> ----
> +
> .Example `HyperConverged` custom resource

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Open the `HyperConverged` CR in your default editor by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal,subs="attributes+"]
----
$ oc edit hyperconverged kubevirt-hyperconverged -n {CNVNamespace}
----

. Add a list of insecure registries to the `spec.storageImport.insecureRegistries` field.
+
.Example `HyperConverged` custom resource
```

and then after the example, I'd throw this in to match our other modules:
```
. Save the file.
```
